Concurrent scan init sample (#19177)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse`

>   * The :ref:`scanning_while_connecting` sample demonstrating how to achieve faster connection establishment using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_AND_INITIATE_IN_PARALLEL` kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`scanning_while_connecting` sample demonstrating how to establish a connection faster using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_AND_INITIATE_IN_PARALLEL` Kconfig option.
```
